### About 
He works in the broad area of Partial Differential Equations and Dynamical Systems, with particular emphasis on the stability of travelling waves in the hyperbolic-parabolic system, the local well-posedness of Boussinesq equations in optimal Sobolev space, and dynamical systems for infectious disease problems.

### Education
Ph.D. in Applied Mathematics

### Work Experience
Lecturer at the Faculty of Advanced Technology and Multidiscipline, Universitas Airlangga, Surabaya

### Publications
In this paper, we study the dynamics of the CoVid-19 outbreak in Semarang, Indonesia, using a fractional CoVid-19 model. We first determine the effects of the isolation rate ϵ and infection rate β on the reproduction number R0 and infected number V . We find that R0 is directly proportional to β and inversely proportional to ϵ. For V, the effect of physical distancing is not as significant as changing ϵ. As ϵ increases, V decreases, the number of susceptible individuals increases, the number of quarantined individuals decreases sharply, and the number of recovered individuals decreases. Moreover, the effect of vaccination is also considered. The combination of physical distancing, isolation, and vaccination has a significant impact on reducing the number of infected individuals. Analysis of dynamical systems allows us to understand the characteristics of our model, such as its boundedness and non-negativity, the existence of equilibrium points, the existence and uniqueness of solutions, and the local and global stability. To validate our fractional CoVid-19 model, we introduce the fractional extended Kalman filter (FracEKF) as a prediction method and compare the results against reported CoVid-19 data. FracEKF is a modified version of the basic extended Kalman filter with a time-fractional memory effect. The prediction results illustrate the accuracy of this model in terms of the root mean square error (RMSE), normalized root mean square error (NRMSE), and mean absolute percentage error (MAPE) for each fractional-order. Varying ϵ reproduces the trends observed in the reported data for the number of infected individuals, i.e., when ϵ increases, the infected number decreases. Moreover, a higher fractional-order results in higher model accuracy. Furthermore, higher values of the process noise Qf give smaller errors, whereas higher values of the observation noise Rf produce higher errors.
<a href="https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jobb.2024.04.001" target="_blank">Kalman filter based on a fractional discrete-time stochastic augmented CoVid-19 model</a>

In today's digital age, higher education utilizes chatbots as virtual assistants to assist users, especially prospective students to access information easily. A chatbot is an application in natural language conversations to simulate intelligent interactions. Intelligent chatbots are needed to understand user needs and answer questions relevantly. We propose a chatbot with Retrieval Augmented Generation approach involving a retriever with cosine similarity search using OpenAI Ada embeddings to obtain relevant documents. The LLM OpenAI GPT-3.5- Turbo then generates the final answer. The chatbot mechanism begins with the retrieval module systematically identifying documents stored in the vector database that contain relevant information related to the user's query. The selected documents and query are provided to the LLM as part of the prompt to generate responses based on the knowledge provided in the relevant documents. The retrieval method is evaluated based on two criteria: the search method and the embedding model. The comparison method uses similarity search with Maximum Marginal Relevance (MMR) Search and the proposed embedding method against other models such as Google Embedding-001 and MPNet-Multilingual. The retrieval process is assessed using an evaluation dataset that incorporates Recall and Precision metrics, while answer generation is measured with BLEU and ROUGE Score. The observed disparity result between similarity search and MMR is not notably significant. Nonetheless, our chatbot holds an advantage in referencing past conversations due to its ability to store conversation history. Furthermore, potential enhancements are identified by augmenting the knowledge provided to the LLM in forthcoming iterations.
<a href="https://doi.org/10.1109/KST61284.2024.10499652" target="_blank">Chatbots in Academia: A Retrieval-Augmented Generation Approach for Improved Efficient Information Access</a>
